Previously on Will Trent .
Are you going
to Caleb's tonight?
I don't know.
His family is loud.
Did you know sharks
don't have any bones?
They only have cartilage.
Really?
James Ulster
has a big head start.
We know that Ulster
is well-connected and charming.
It's possible that he's
using people to help him.
and we want to know who.
Now. Ulster's had two fiancées.
-That two-timing--
-Asshole.
Is it possible
that there's a third?
This man dictated my whole life
from the moment I was born.
I have to end this.
What happened?
Ulster took him
from his day camp.
and then. according to Calvin.
Uncle Will traded
places with him.
Time to die.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What do you have for me?
Arson investigators said
there was a lot of
accelerant in the vehicle.
All signs point
to murder-suicide.
Hey. Pete. Just say it.
I can't make
an official determination
yet. but both bodies are male.
Initial assessments
are consistent
with what we expect
for James Ulster
and Special Agent Trent.
We'll work as fast as possible.
I wanna see.
Angie. we're still
processing the scene.
Pete. let her.
Something fused to his chest.
What is this?
Is that a...
a flip phone?
It's not Will's.
He hasn't used
this in over a year.
Pete. Will wears
a gold medallion.
his mother's necklace.
Did you find anything?
We didn't find any jewelry.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
It's not him. It's not Will.
The other body's not gonna be
Ulster either.
This was staged.
Ulster was trying
to distract us.
slow us down.
but he didn't know
that Will switched phones.
Will could still be alive.
That's good enough for me.
Let's go find him.
I'll tell the marshals
to keep the roadblocks up.
Time to die.
Now you get your keys.
Watch out.
Will. I can't feel my legs.
You don't need them anymore.
Come... Come on. Will.
This isn't like you...
In 100 feet. turn right.
Turn right.
You have missed the turn.
To reach GBI headquarters--
Eduardo. cancel directions.
Would you like to
set a new destination?
Where are you going. Will?
I don't know. Eduardo.
I've got the bad guy.
but I gotta tell you.
I don't feel
like bringing him in.
Hey. who you talking to?
It sounds
like you are taking
the law into your own hands.
Maybe.
Maybe I'm not
done with him just yet.
Will. I can't feel my leg.
I'm clotting.
Get any sleep?
Good morning.
What can I do for you?
Well. we have a problem.
You assigned GBI man power
to a search that I already
passed off to the marshals.
We're searching
for Special Agent
Will Trent now.
Yeah. you don't
make that call. I do.
We don't even
have ID on the bodies yet.
I was at the scene.
I saw enough.
And I made the call
because you were asleep.
Amanda. this is chaos. okay?
Only one of us can
be in charge here.
Oh. look.
I just ended my medical leave.
Let's make it me.
Wagner. stop.
I want you to listen to me.
I get it. You think
I'm an empty suit.
Well. I think
you're a fire-breathing
HR violation.
but I don't wanna
see you hurt yourself.
They're waiting for me in
the conference room. Bill.
I'll have Caroline
box up your things.
This is Darren Torrenson.
Roommate of fiancée
number three. Jackie Weggle.
He went missing yesterday.
and he's most likely the dead
body in the driver's seat.
Makes sense.
He's a good body
match for Ulster.
Yup. and with
strong confidence.
this is the passenger.
He worked in
an office a few blocks away
from Jackie Weggle's home.
Didn't make it back
past his lunch break.
Ulster targeted him
because he's wearing
the right suit.
If Ulster staged all this.
then it means.
he has a new plan
to leave the country.
Caleb's team has a location
on Will's Porsche.
-What?
-It was abandoned
at a gas station
20 miles from here.
You're all getting
the address right now.
- Be smart
with your resources.
Don't double up on leads
and coordinate with Ormewood.
He's at everyone's disposal.
We have this backwards.
The hair. the blood back here.
Will had Ulster in custody.
Car's here. Phone's here.
Where the hell is he?
He had over half a tank.
He didn't need gas.
Any idea what his code is?
Try 1323. Betty's gotcha date.
0630. the address
of the group home.
Uh... 7499? 1106? 1104?
That's it.
Stake an ex. Polaski.
That's our secret
weapon of finding him.
I just saw the one dude.
He was troubled.
stomping around.
yelling on the phone.
-What was he yelling about?
-Wasn't my business.
I closed our shop.
did inventory.
When I came back. he was gone.
You never thought
to call the authorities?
There's a methadone clinic
right up the road.
I got crazies coming in here
all the time. I figured he
was one. and he'd be back.
We're gonna need
your security footage.
I just did a double.
I'm out. Call my boss.
Keep acting like a jackass.
you're gonna find out
how long a day can be.
Don't look at me.
He's a sheriff.
That badge means
he doesn't answer to anyone.
He could impound your car.
throw you in jail.
I was thinking more
like a very public
arrest for child pornography.
Oh. Sure. Well.
that's a bold way to move.
Okay. okay.
God.
There he is.
What are you doing. Will?
I'm not listening to you. okay?
I actually pulled over
to get a new phone.
One that stays out of my head.
You were right.
Will had Ulster.
Where was he taking him?
I'd like to remind you
that you are a pathologically
scrupulous person.
Yeah. well. people can change.
Right. I bring him in.
then what. huh?
He escapes again.
More people die.
Whose fault is that?
- His.
- Wrong. It's mine.
He's a virus. a predator. okay?
And he's not gonna stop.
but I can end this now.
Will. whatever you're
thinking of doing. don't.
Unlike me.
you have a conscience.
No one's talking to you!
Who's this lady now?
Would you like me
to begin a to-do list
for covering up a murder?
Oh. let's be clear.
it is not murder.
If I kill James Ulster.
it is absolutely a form
of self-defense.
-Oh!
-Oh.
Uh... No need to worry. ma'am.
Just an official GBI matter.
Help!
I... I know
this all must look
and sound crazy.
I'm actually transporting
a very dangerous criminal.
- Hey. I need you to be quiet. all right?
-  -Help!
Oh. my God.
Hey. will you shut up?
You're scaring
this poor lady over here.
Help!
-Jesus. Will.
-Oh! Yikes.
The hell?
They know each other?
You almost ruined everything!
How could you
let yourself get captured?
Baby. it's fine.
No one knows we're here.
The plan is still good.
She never shows
her face to the camera.
I can zoom in.
Look out!
We have no idea who she is.
and what she wants.
They could be anywhere by now.
-Hey. hey. hey. hey!
-Ow!
Who's the woman. James?
Her name is Susan.
She is my loving fiancée.
Where'd she take us. huh?
She's taking me to the new
life of freedom
I richly deserve.
Oh. yeah? Then why'd she put
a stun cuff on your leg. huh?
I'm sure she
has some good reason.
Let me handle this.
I've got her
wrapped around my finger.
Susan. my angel.
I know about
the other women. Jimmy.
They don't mean a thing.
They were mere stepping stones
to our everlasting love.
I'll explain
when we get to Canada.
Canada is canceled.
Wrapped around
your finger. huh?
-We might have a problem.
-Mmm.
If you'd just stayed
on the road and taken me
into the GBI.
If you had just stayed
in prison to begin with.
Hi. boys.
I popped things off
on the lowest setting so we can
all agree on who's in charge.
Anyone pee themselves?
Yes? No?
Hi. um. Ms. Susan.
I'm Special Agent Will Trent
with the GBI. Um...
Could the two of us
just have a one on one?
Not interested.
Back of the trailer.
Come on.
This little fellow goes to 11.
which will stop your heart.
You've always been
in charge of my heart. my--
Spare me the sugar-talk. Jimmy.
Here. Clean yourselves up.
Had to be
a dribble or two. huh?
I'll be back in two shakes
of a dog's butt.
Bzz.
Just kidding. Got you.
-Turn around.
-What?
You turn around.
So. Jimmy.
What's your plan?
When the door opens.
we rush her.
You hold her down.
I'll rip her throat out
with my teeth.
I'm never doing that.
Please. don't act all superior.
You were gonna kill me.
I should have kept my head.
I'd be home
with my dog right now.
I'm just saying.
a throat rip can
be a real problem-solver
and your dog
isn't feeding itself.
You know. I really do hope that
part of her plan
involves hurting you.
So. it's to be
death by humiliation.
Come on.
Almost there.
Go on.
Hustle. come on.
What the hell is this?
Home.
Have a seat.
You don't expect me
to eat this?
That is
a complete holiday meal.
Turkey. turkey dressing.
veggie. tater cake.
It's gray.
It's... it's great.
Um. and this.
this is a lovely room.
It's very warm.
Did you do all this yourself?
Yes.
That's... It's impressive.
It's a space that you feel
like you can settle into.
Thank you.
- I love interior design.
- Mm.
That's what I had in mind.
-Oh.
-I'd be honored to say grace.
If you'd like?
Well. go on then.
Jimmy.
Bless us. O Lord.
and these thy gifts
which we are about to receive
from thy bounty
through Christ. our Lord.
Yeah. hang on a second. bud.
Let me finish this search.
How come you can use AI
to look up license plates.
but I can't use it
for my homework?
Well. let me know
when your homework is finding
a kidnapped special agent.
and I'll make an exception.
Hold on a second.
Hey. are you okay?
You usually don't do work
the third day after chemo.
I'm good.
Daddy.
did you see Max's new perm?
His what? His perm?
All right.
t's a light perm.
Guys are doing it now.
It's not that big of a deal.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. it's...
it's very boingy.
I like you're trying things.
Okay. Here. This is promising.
Right. there's
our mysterious lady
in the sun hat.
and we don't care
that we can't see
your face because we can see...
There's no plate.
How can there be no plate?
- Sorry. Dad.
-No. no. we don't give up.
We... Aha!
There. it's a sticker.
It's an oil change sticker
and I know that place.
They give discounts
to law enforcement.
You think she's a cop?
I think that they have
a location right next
to the state prison.
I'd say there's a good chance
she's a correctional officer.
-All right. Dad. let's go.
-Go. Dad. Go. Dad. Go. go. go.
Go. Dad.
May I say something?
You were right.
That was delicious.
- Mm. mm. mm!
- Mm-hmm!
Mm!
Family recipe.
So. Ms. Susan.
how'd you two
lovebirds hit it off?
I'm guessing you
were correctional officer?
The way you've handled us
and your attention to detail.
Well. started in tiny ways.
That's how
the strongest love is built.
Slowly. over time.
Little hellos on his way to
the prison library
and the secret notes.
Who knew a life sentence
would bring a life partner?
Hmm?
Well. I'm sure the other women
felt as special as I did.
But unlike them. we had
time together. stolen moments
that added up over years.
What began
as a dalliance became.
ooh. undeniable.
Oh!
Ms. Susan. is it possible
that this entire situation
is just all
a terrible misunderstanding?
Well. I don't know
if I believe him.
I'm highly specialized in
reading people and
interrogation. and his words.
- they ring genuine to me.
- Mm.
I love you.
Why don't we play
roses and thorns?
What's roses and thorns?
We do it after every
dinner in my family.
You'll catch on. okay?
My rose is I finally
get to be with my Jimmy.
away from everyone.
with just our love.
And my thorn is having
to use the stun cuff on you.
And you.
Okay. how about you. Jimmy?
What's your rose?
What's your thorn?
Uh...
I'm all thorns
right now. Suzie.
I didn't spend a year planning
and risking my life
on a prison escape.
only to be captured
by a menopausal harpy
with thick shoes.
I can only think of one rose
and it is a fantasy
of sewing your mouth shut.
Oh. my.
Just for that. no dessert.
You can be so bossy
and demeaning.
I want you to learn
that I deserve
more than just a lover.
I deserve a partner.
Figure it out.
Before you don't have
any more fingers to lose.
Come here.
Oh.
All better.
Okay.
Get some rest.
Momma's got
some errands to run.
Just never ends
with taking care of you two.
What do you think
about a throat rip now?
I'm guessing the finger that
you had her wrapped around
is the one she cut off?
Where did you learn
that dopey prayer?
Foster care.
It's also where I learned how
to keep a bad marriage
from getting me killed.
What does that mean?
She's out of range.
I'm guessing it's 150 yards.
Which puts her
outside the building.
-Oh!
-I'm getting this
condenser out.
-Then we crawl through--
-You little scamp.
Don't give me nicknames.
Okay. Okay. here's
the employee list
from the warden.
- It's 400 names.
123 of them are female.
We can narrow it down. Ow.
You good?
Ah. it's just a cramp.
I'm not drinking enough water.
Hey. how many
of them drive pickup trucks?
Can you figure that out?
Watch how my fingers fly.
Watching you type is like
watching a dog dance
on its hind legs.
Thank you.
And we are down to 23 women.
You know. 23 is manageable.
Okay.
let me get this list
to Faith and Caleb
then we
can coordinate interviews.
You ready. Polaski?
Just... give me a sec.
You know what else
feels like a cramp?
A contraction.
What. you want me
to get it checked out?
Fine. I'll get it checked out.
It's nothing.
-You want me to come with?
-No. no.
Keep looking for sun hat lady
and keep me posted.
One more.
Look. when I get back.
I'm gonna tell you
a story about the time
that me and this guy
were working
a prison transport.
Some idiot tried to carjack us.
- Can't wait.
- I'll be right back.
You said this guy
could be a shortcut?
He's my contact.
Let me play him.
I can't believe
Will didn't call me.
Yeah. I'm sure that he feels
completely responsible
for Calvin.
Look. He takes a long time
to open up to someone.
I'm sure what he went through
in his childhood didn't help.
So. you said kidnapping
with two victims. huh?
That made me think.
a couple of weeks back.
a pair of stun cuffs went
missing with the remote.
That's like ten grand in value.
Warden couldn't figure it out.
swept the whole thing
under the rug.
That's all I can tell you.
We have a list of names.
Maybe you could take a look
at it and see if anyone
makes sense for this.
Hmm. Well.
this one here. I know her.
She would have had access.
Susan Barno.
Hmm.
She is absolutely fine.
Those are
Braxton-Hicks contractions.
Perfectly normal
in the second
and third trimester.
The third too? That's good.
Something to look forward to.
Well. there's also.
you know. the baby.
- Right.
- Stay hydrated.
Try shifting positions
or walking around
if they get too uncomfortable.
Okay. Thanks.
-Thank you.
-Yep.
It's a relief.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Can you check that for me?
It's 7834.
Phone code?
-What a gesture of intimacy.
-Is it work?
Why. are you working?
You know
I can't sit this one out.
Hey. how about I...
how about I pick up a pizza...
-Barno's? Barno's?
-...on the way home.
Detroit style.
- Hell yeah. Barno's.
I feel like.
- Yeah? Good.
You remember
Barno's packaged foods?
I feel like they had
a big warehouse
in. like. Dunwoody.
What the hell
are you doing. Angie?
We are trying to find Will.
He doesn't need you right now.
Our baby needs you.
Okay. feel free to keep
telling me what I can
and cannot do.
No. I'm telling you
what you should do.
You should rest.
You should stay hydrated.
APB. GBI. marshals. sheriffs.
everybody with
a badge in Atlanta
is out there looking for him.
Wish I could be like you.
-Okay.
-No. no. listen.
Really. I wish
I had grown up just...
living my life.
No constant fear.
No wondering if...
anyone is going
to come and save you.
Will has come.
He's always come.
He has saved me...
over and over.
He's my family.
You're right. You're right.
I grew up feeling safe.
It's not wrong
to want that for my child.
This is your family.
I'm your family.
I'll see you at home.
Okay.
Isn't it funny how
we ended up like this.
Classic father-son bonding.
using tools and our muscles.
We are not bonding. okay?
And you are not my father.
Well. almost was.
Your mother and I
were very close.
When Lucy started...
-Hey! Whoa!
-I can't.
-Damn it!
-We have to switch places.
You have nine fingers.
What are you gonna do?
-I can't hold you.
-No way I'm letting you
-hold anything sharp.
-We have to switch places.
Can't get leverage
on the last thing.
-We need a new angle.
-How do we get...
Hey. What are we gonna do?
I don't know. okay?
Don't lose your head.
I'm not dying here with you.
Oh. God!
You deserve better.
What was that?
Is that an apology?
No. no. An observation.
A feeling.
You...
You're brilliant. loyal.
You don't stop.
I admire you.
I love you.
Oh. God.
I hated you. I hated you for...
for taking Lucy away.
I see her in you.
But she had balance.
You run from the dark.
That's why it chases you.
You ever regret
what you did to my mother?
Yes.
I was gonna kill you.
Oh. so there is a monster
in there after all. Yeah.
What are you doing?
No. no. no.
Hey. hey. hey.
Easy. easy.
What are you doing? Hey.
What are you doing?
Stop. stop. stop.
We're gonna tip
this bastard over
because you're not gonna be
the last person to ever say
anything nice to me.
Now get up! Let's go!
One. two. three.
Again. go.
He's here. Ormewood.
I can feel it.
Caleb and Faith are ten minutes out.
SWAT's right behind them.
All right. I'm gonna
keep an eye out.
Don't do anything stupid.
-I'm serious.
-Yep.
I've told you about Will.
He needs to meet you.
We know what we're doing.
Come on.
She's back. We have to stop.
No. We're doing this. Let's go.
Enough of this misbehaving.
Who's gonna put that
trailer right side up
again. huh?
You.
You're the bad apple.
My Jimmy is a genius
in many ways
but he's not mechanical.
-Will.
-Angie. get out of here.
No!
Who the hell is Angie?
I swear to God. Jimmy.
if she's got your ring
on her finger...
There is a limit
to what I will take.
Angie. where are you?
Damn it.
You brought
such calamity upon our family.
No!
Oh. no. Jimmy!
Oh. God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No!
-Police.
-Police. Get on the ground.
- Drop your weapon.
- Get on the ground.
I got cover.
See you soon.
Will.
Hi.
Did I wake you?
Yesterday scared me. Angie.
I mean. it really scared me.
I know.
Do you? I'm not...
I'm not challenging you.
I just wonder
if you understand.
Tell me.
I've never been held captive
by a deranged serial killer.
Well.
it's a pretty exclusive club.
But I do know what it's
like to lose the woman I love.
Permanent loss.
Also a crappy club.
-We gotta join better clubs.
-Mm.
I do get it.
I'm walking into a job
where anything can happen.
Every day.
-That's just the job.
-And you do it fearlessly.
It's so hot.
But now it's not just you
heading into the danger.
I think my womb might be
the safest place in Atlanta.
I'm like a baby panic room.
Life has been
on my back since I was five.
It's tried a thousand ways
to take me down.
I'm still standing.
Can you trust me?
You trust me
to take care of her?
That's what this
stage of love is. I guess.
Not a lot of songs about
the pain in the ass parts
of a relationship.
-The baby-making part.
so many songs.
-So many songs.
Yeah.
I think. though.
that this stuff
is what really matters.
Yeah.
And dot. Okay.
let's see if I get this right.
Just a dot. no L.
Wow. guys.
We should get
you two to make all the meals.
Yeah. I'd settle
for kitchen clean-up.
Well. I put in the blueberries
and the chocolate chips.
Nice. Whoa!
Those things don't really
go together. but...
Yes. they do.
- No. they don't.
- Hi. Hey. uh.
where are we today?
About a three.
You wanna go?
I'll cover for you
and put them
in some Tupperware.
-I'm okay. Thank you.
-Okay.
So. how do you like it. Daddy?
Mm! It's delicious. baby.
How much longer
are you on desk duty?
Couple more weeks. I hope.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
I am an unexpected
computer genius.
but my best work
is not behind a desk.
We're going
with genius. are we?
It's just... It's been nice
to FaceTime you during the day.
Yeah. and you come home
a lot more when
you say you will.
Oh.
Well. those sound
like easy things
to keep going
once your dad is
back in the field. right?
Yeah.
So. who has the syrup?
-Ah. Here.
-Thank ya.
-So. when can I drink coffee?
-I hear you like it black.
yeah?
No. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
You're not gonna want it.
Amanda.
glad to hear
your golden boy is safe.
How's he doing?
He's been through worse.
You forget
something in my office?
Yeah. I spoke to
the director this morning.
We had a good mind meld
about great leaders
who couldn't see
when their time was done.
Interesting.
Our conversations are
usually about unqualified men
pushing themselves into spaces
where they don't belong.
You know there's no shame
in the next chapter. Amanda.
Are you looking
for a fight. Bill?
You'll get one.
I hope this isn't
a wellness check.
Just dropping in on family.
How's Calvin?
He's fine.
How about you?
Well. seeing
my therapist tomorrow.
Dr. Roach.
She has a whole plan for us.
-Wants me to try Frisbee golf.
-Oh!
Sounds helpful.
Yeah. She's peculiar.
Frisbee golf.
I mean. why are
we mashing those together?
Keep it simple.
Exactly.
We found your car headed in
the opposite direction of GBI.
I missed a turn and got lost.
Unfamiliar terrain
and dyslexia. It's a bad
combination.
Listen.
I don't wanna
force a conversation.
but I want you to know
you can call me anytime.
For anything.
Hmm.
I hope it brings you
relief that he's gone.
The world is a safer place.
I was gonna
make some café con leche.
It takes me a few minutes.
You want one?
Yeah.
I've got all day.
All day?
You got somebody better
you want to sit around with?
I suppose not.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org